VIDEO-6587 | Remove Plan B in SDK (#1656)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

  - Peer-to-Peer Rooms
- When the Room is being recorded, the SFU will not disable any simulcast layers of the publisher's VideoTrack.

Changes
-------

> - In [October 2019](#200-beta15-october-24-2019), twilio-video.js started using Unified Plan where available, while also maintaining support for earlier browser versions with Plan B as the default SDP format. With this release, twilio-video.js will now stop supporting the Plan B SDP format and will use Unified Plan as the default SDP format. Please refer to this [changelog](#200-beta15-october-24-2019) and this [public advisory](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039098974-Upcoming-Breaking-Changes-in-Twilio-Video-JavaScript-SDK-Google-Chrome) for more related information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In [October 2019](#200-beta15-october-24-2019), twilio-video.js started using Unified Plan where available, while also maintaining support for earlier browser versions with Plan B as the default SDP format. With this release, twilio-video.js will now stop supporting the Plan B SDP format and will only support the Unified Plan SDP format. Please refer to this [changelog](#200-beta15-october-24-2019) and this [public advisory](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039098974-Upcoming-Breaking-Changes-in-Twilio-Video-JavaScript-SDK-Google-Chrome) for more related information. (VIDEO-xxxx)
```
